hi I wanted to share my experiences with
using a cleanser that is for acne prone
skin and sometimes I find that using a
cleanser that is not sensitive because I
use topical acne medication one of the
side effects is having really dry skin
after you wash it so um during my
cleansing routine I like to add some
things to it to make it even more
moisturizing this is very good for dry
skin for people with dry skin too I
currently use the cleanser that acne.org
cleanser it's a very good cleanser for
all skin types especially for sensitive
skin users it has things like sage extra
cucumber extract white oak bark extra
and even panthenol what I don't like
about this is that it lathers up very
quickly because it contains a lot of
sulfate in it so because of the chemical
agent the sulfate it kind of really be
trying to the skin and especially for
those who already have dry skin so what
I like to do is um add hobo oil um this
is a fairly cheap price um you can
purchase this anywhere I like to use the
hobo oil by Antony org it's an organic
oil you can use organic non-organic your
choice you can even use things like
olive oil which you can find the kitchen
olive oil is very good for moisturizing
the skin so what you can do with their
normal cleanser you don't need to buy a
new cleanser just because you know if
you really like your cleanser right now
I just want to add more moisturizing
agents to it just pump your regular
cleanser into your hand and then just
add several drops as needed any kind of
hobo oil or olive oil are they I believe
that are the best ones that I've used
and because my skin gets very dried
after cleansing and especially when i'm
using topical acne medication like i was
saying it gets even drier um
you just add it you know towards the
towards your cleansing routine I found
this out when I was using it towards my
moisturizer and I think you can I mean
you can see the video that I talked
about I'll just put it up here and i
found that why not use it in a cleanser
so we can just add few drops as much as
you want it won't be too oily plus it's
non comedogenic and very good for the
skin ho ho ho oil is known for mimicking
the oil glands in your skin so it
matches the skin pH very very well and
also it's natural so it's very good if
you don't want to check out the products
that I mentioned today by acne.org I
found them out through the website
acne.org and that website is really good
so you can I'll include a link on the
sidebar wherever it is and you can check
it out its peril a cheap you know you
can always use Amazon or if you're in
Canada wells thought CA also have them
to UM again whole foods you know just
add to your own cleanser you don't need
to buy this cleanser so thank you so
much for watching and hopefully if you
have any questions um you can always
message me or comment below thank you so
much and I'll talk to you later